STEM can really differ across the world in many different ways. In America
engineering, at least for the schools that I went to and the area
that I'm familiar with, which is the lower class urban area of California
and Alabama and Michigan. Right, they don't really focus so
much on engineering as a cultural experience. They say it's really
difficult and it's pretty much for the the top twenty or ten percent
of the students. You have to be smart to do it. That's not so much
the case let's say in Japan and China where all students are expected
to have a very very thorough understanding of mathematics and science.
Even to get into college you should be, you should have pretty
high SAT scores, or their version of the SAT, so you consider that to
even go to a good college. Not only that it's taught from when they're
really young to really older that just you know fill in your weak
points, whereas in America they say well if you're not good at it
well there are other things to do why don't you try music right. So
I guess we have a little more freedom about what we can do whereas
STEM is really expected in other countries.